1.During this assignment I used GitHub Copilot to assist me in generating parts of my code as I cleaned the data. After asking copilot how to make some of the functions with my specific needs in mind using my own comments. Two of the functions that I got help with were the structure for the load data and clean colonm names functions. I also used copilot for general assistance throughout the project especially towards the bottom of the script.

2.When using the help of copilot I often found myself modifying the code to make it look more like what I wanted. I recall two major changes I made. For the first I found myself rewriting a piece so that the code made more sense to me which helped make the rest easier. There was another point where copilot messed up assuming columns were numeric so I had to fix it to avoin an error.

3.Throughout this project I found myself learning a lot about how all of these functions work and how to properly utilize them to make projects easier in the future. In regards to cleaning the data in python this was a skill I already learned at one point but it was good to refresh on how its done to become more comfortable with it. Where I mostly learned was the capabilities of copilot. I learned how useful it can be when writing code but also how to best communicate with it to get results. One learning moment was when I was not specific when asking copilot for help and got an error with my column containing strings. So now I know the best ways to use it and that I cannot simply rely on it to do everything for me.